So, as we said, we are doing gender interplays in migrant tourism, entrepreneurship and then the case study of Ghana. So we've been introducing interviewing a lot of entrepreneurs. First of all, we would like to ask you where you originally from. Where were you before coming here? From my hometown before I came. Want to find out whether you were doing something before coming to afraid so. How long have you been living here? Central. And how long did you live in a craft? When I put it on letter, people direct. When they pay the money, I let them pay half. Then I send it to a car. When I go to deliver them, they pay the rest. Can you know the reason why you came? To give good? No, but they both fabric. Then you talk and you say I can hang some of my things, but I want to know whether your agenda you've been a female influence your migration decision based on your ethnicity, like from northern region to Akra to Cape Coast, it wasn't affected or influenced by you said you came here because someone talked to you here and then the person said he didn't try. But since you came here, have you encountered any challenges when you came? Especially relocating? The first time you're coming here, you didn't encounter any challenges. So what about the challenges you face within the community? What about adapting to this place? You will not be in a place for your first time, which is not your hometown, definitely. So you come in here, the challenges that you said you encountered, do you think you've been a female? Also help you overcome the challenges, help you being a female? Because sometimes you come in here and then I compared to a meal, how the community will receive the person? Do you think you've been a funeral? Also give you a second chance to make with the community before somebody can read it, right? So the challenges are in terms of the communication when you came, the language issues, how are you able to work out what I'm doing? If it's my smoke site complicated with that one. It's a matter of you showing me what you want. I know the names of the drinks at the price. What about the food issues when it came your first time? What do you feel inclusive in this community or exclusive? You feel yourself inclusive in this community or somehow? And what's the difference? Do you think your ethnicity, background and then the fancy, do they have any links when you came here in terms of communication and living here? Language, food, activities, everything is different. It's noisy, people go to floors. There is noise in this town. The whole town is noisy. What I'm saying, for example, what they are doing right now, it's machine and it's noisy. They do other activities in the town, it's noisy. But for example, the float I'm talking about, we don't know something like that. They will be playing music and everybody will be following, dancing and making noises. So as compared to a crowd where you are living initially, what is the difference here in Ackra? If you live in Africa, how attached are you close to the community? Do you plan on moving from Ketchup? So what about resources? Maybe other places central? You don't have any plans of relocating to anywhere? So if someone was to come here or would you recommend this place to a friend of yours or someone? And why? For example, this guy is my brother's son and I brought him here when I'm living here. Based on the cultural change, new cultural changes. Do you think you still recommend someone you started and how the person when you came here? Do you face any general restrictions in terms of your activities that you're doing? I do say as for here, you should be managed by this down wasn't there? It was a structure structure over there. So they didn't have any general restrictions. Challenge is based on your ethnicity running this place. Why is it not running yet? Why not? This place is 35 years old. So many people, they changed. A lot of people think that why does not take this place, there's no moving and injured don't understand why I'm still here. Is too much work with somebody without problems. But people think about it like every human being before. Don't look for quick money before I start here, the woman wasn't paying me money and I didn't focus just because I was also doing something from his business or whatever. Note a person has given you a car or apartment to do your own thing. So because of that, the woman gave me something for me, I get something from her. That is why the rate should be so they don't know what is going on between me and the woman and I'm still here. Yeah, I heard some. That's why they have not taxed me. I only focus on what I want to do. Even the woman has shown interest of bringing, not necessarily speaking my language. I give him two preyos, gave him four guys. They are motorized for delivery. My family cruise. It depends how you present yourself to people. Everything in this way is not all about money. Money is there medicine? You've been recommending a lot of your family members here. Don't you feel there is a danger behind it? There's no danger because everybody who are also looking for inner passions, they're going to commerce. They're going to commerce that we don't have relatives today. They will go. Maybe nobody is there to keep an eye on them. They do what they want. But then even being close to me, we are not working in the same places. We are in the same region, but we are not in the same place. And all the time talking to them, they come here, my eyes on them. That if they listen to me and they can't go in the wrong part but they being in market alone, nobody there, they can't follow a group of people that can lead them to the owner of this place really trusts you very much and also bringing to what if some of your people that's something that will be very disappointed do you think of it? No, it won't happen because he doesn't just give his business for me for nothing. We do account everything nobody can take down my mind about me and I don't think my family I do them that is why I don't bring people to come and work with me in the same place. They are looking for jobs and I provided them jobs all different places then you go back my direct is in your brother so there is no way they can in terms of the driver challenges that you pass through here and what about where you are? So you come in here how does influence your responsibility and your rules? You don't want to there's no human being this doesn't have responsibility you don't want to accept because your mother is your responsibility your parent will take care of you then you start working. Then you have to start taking care of them and everything increased when you marry having children everything started increase the more you get money coming because we have food ever since food drinks so how long have you been running this business? Before that you said you are selling smoke so he came here to sell smoke before running all no the woman find me that he wants because the way I talked to her motivated that maybe I'm a good person. He thinks it in his mind, maybe he wasn't sure because he doesn't know me anyway but I just have a feeling that I can be a good person and I'm a good person that's why I end up with her. She invited me. Me, I never know sandra, really? My brother used to be in Cape university of Capos. I don't even know where it's located until you came here. So since you started running this place, has there been any transformation, any changes? It's not touched. I'm only saying that here we used to have two summer hotel. One over there but as you can see now it's a big time project other way even if the person said you should do it sometimes they do come here and sit down and some of them we have light and heavy ones and you know why people can't wear heavy things but they like our African way but do you see yourself different from the Sequoia? You think you've been different in terms of the work was it the most and that makes it different from influence in the activities that we are doing especially the business that you are running does have an influence on it but when she brought me there was a guy who left that because you are not that's why I also trust you very much. Did she makes made any difference in terms of maybe not females and not now males? So do you feel different between you and the people here? My depression they don't like wet I don't have good things about them when they come here. What is the relationship between you and your related numbers went okay. So what about your fellow entrepreneurs? Those around this business, those who sell, those who work around this business, those who have any relationship with them, what is the relationship? Not very problem. Has there been an issue that changed the supply? That there was a program I ordered for something but he write some other things that I didn't request and when he brought the drinks. My boys upload them and I was busy the time he came out couldn't even come out myself so he worked personally and give me the receipt but I didn't check but at the end of the day I check what I order and what is that? Completely processing that they don't buy them that's why I didn't request for them. So if you leave me away I'm not somebody that I do much so I pay him and I quit. Have you considered stopping this business? And then now it's run by the daughter so do you feel any challenge? If I were doing her business alone, maybe I'll be speaking running this business and also running a small business what are some of the challenges that you face? They can buy you, then you feel like they will pay and at the end of the day I'm coming it's more food if you don't have done drinks if there's food, I don't have a problem drink I always have a problem with them come and pay that one fine but drink and said you come and pay no. So that's the only challenge. That one is the customer side. What about the community? Whether you're facing and now the challenges you're facing with your competitors? Because I don't think you are the only person who printing here restaurants have there be any challenge? You pay both maybe in terms of the production that they are doing so basically only the customers that are having problems with them do you also have any challenge with someone around here? Your employee you said what the customers in terms of the challenges? How are you going? My own business? They can't do that because when you're.